Goddamn thing
Even your cousin dares to do it
Will you dare to deal with me next?
The vibration is serious
If I had the ability, your position
It's been replaced long ago
Goddamn thing
Humph
You and your mother have the same bad temper.
The accumulated shares will be transferred to me within today
Otherwise, don't forget what I have in my hand
Mr. Shen, look at my use of blue jade spirit
How about the protective magic weapon made of stone? Does it look good?
How did you make it hurt?
Your liking for me
Is it real or fake?
Of course it's true.
Your life is as important as mine
I really can't live without you
Do you know how many people's blood I have on my hands?
I don't know. I don't want to know.
I just know that no matter what you do
I will always be by your side
I just want you to be safe and happy
Go away and don't trust you people with evil intentions
Dog men can't be soft or hard
What do you want?
Forget it, bear it for a while
Endure a year to be proud
Hahaha baby Sun Xu
Grandma, why did you buy so many things?
These are the dresses I bought for you.
In two days, it will be Ah Jin's uncle's birthday banquet.
When the time comes, you will accompany him.
Okay, it's all up to you.
Hmm, I can't handle the provincial repair police
Can't handle the old lady